First revise after reviews (#25)
ynimmaga/executorch: backends/openvino/README.md

│   └── openvino
│       ├── runtime
│           ├── OpenvinoBackend.cpp
│           └── OpenvinoBackend.h
│       ├── scripts
│           └── openvino_build.sh
│       ├── tests
│       ├── CMakeLists.txt
│       ├── README.md
│       ├── __init__.py

> │       ├── unsupported_openvino_functions.yaml

Reviewer: With the new change, I believe we dont need this yaml file. Is this correct?

Author: Forgot to update the readme file. Changed now.

│   └── openvino
│       ├── runtime
│           ├── OpenvinoBackend.cpp
│           └── OpenvinoBackend.h
│       ├── scripts
│           └── openvino_build.sh
│       ├── tests
│       ├── CMakeLists.txt
│       ├── README.md
│       ├── __init__.py
│       ├── partitioner.py
│       ├── preprocess.py
│       └── requirements.txt
└── examples
│   └── openvino

> │       ├── aot_openvino_compiler.py
> │       ├── export_and_infer_openvino.py
> │       └── README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ├── aot_openvino_compiler.py
        ├── export_and_infer_openvino.py
        └── README.md
```

  Note: To achieve optimal performance with NNCF quantization, you should install the latest development version of NNCF (version 2.16.0.dev0+191b53d9 or higher).
3. Navigate to `scripts/` directory.

4. **Build OpenVINO Backend C++ Libraries and Executor Runner**: Once the prerequisites are in place, run the `openvino_build.sh` script to start the build process. By default, OpenVINO backend will be built under `cmake-out/backends/openvino/` as `libopenvino_backend.a`

   ```bash
   ./openvino_build.sh
   ```

>    **Build OpenVINO Backend Python Package with Pybindings**: To build and install the OpenVINO backend Python package with Python bindings, run the `openvino_build.sh` script with the `--enable_python` argument. This will compile and install the ExecuTorch Python package with the OpenVINO backend into your Python environment. This options will also enable pybindings which is required to execute OpenVINO backend tests and `export_and_infer_openvino.py` script inside `executorch/examples/openvino` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Build OpenVINO Backend Python Package with Pybindings**: To build and install the OpenVINO backend Python package with Python bindings, run the `openvino_build.sh` script with the `--enable_python` argument. This will compile and install the ExecuTorch Python package with the OpenVINO backend into your Python environment. This option will also enable python bindings required to execute OpenVINO backend tests and `export_and_infer_openvino.py` script inside `executorch/examples/openvino` folder.
```

  Note: To achieve optimal performance with NNCF quantization, you should install the latest development version of NNCF (version 2.16.0.dev0+191b53d9 or higher).
3. Navigate to `scripts/` directory.

4. **Build OpenVINO Backend**: Once the prerequisites are in place, run the `openvino_build.sh` script to start the build process. By default, OpenVINO backend will be built under `cmake-out/backends/openvino/` as `libopenvino_backend.a`

   ```bash
   ./openvino_build.sh
   ```

>    **Build OpenVINO Backend with Pybinding**: To build and install the OpenVINO backend with Python bindings, run the `openvino_build.sh` script with the `pybinding` argument. This will compile and install the ExecuTorch Python package with the OpenVINO backend into your Python environment.

Reviewer: Should we just change this to "pybind" instead of "pybinding" to align with the original "--pybind" option?

Author: Makes sense. Updated accordingly. Also, pybind option builds and installs the python package into current environment. Maybe even --pybing can be confusing for users?

Reviewer: Updated with --enable_python option
